Automate the release process, produce pre-compiled binaries (#239)
rust-marker/marker: docs/internal/release.md

- `cargo-marker-aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu.zip`
- `cargo-marker-aarch64-unknown-linux-gnu.sha256`

The `tar.gz` and `zip` archives contain a single `cargo-marker` binary file in them. It doesn't matter what archive the user downloads. They have the choice to select either of them. It is usually common to have only `tar.gz` format for `unix`-like systems, and `zip` for `windows`, but we provide both for the reason described below.

For the cross-platform code it is much more convenient when the same archive format is available for every platform consistently. This means, for example, `cargo-marker` may depend only on the `zip` crate exclusively and expect that `zip` of the  `marker_rustc_driver` is always available for download on all platforms.

> Here is a case of [`terraform`'s](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/downloads) binaries. They are distributed in `zip` for all platforms.

GitHub is very generous with the releases storage limits. They are [almost unlimited](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/releasing-projects-on-github/about-releases#storage-and-bandwidth-quotas). They difinitely want your project to be open-source 😉.

> The `sha256` sum is a small file that users may optionally download together with the archive itself to verify the integrity of the archive. It serves as a signature of the artifact to make sure it was downloaded as expected bit-by-bit with what was published effectively detecting corruptions during the download and making it harder to forge the artifact for the malicious actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sha256` sum is a small file that users may optionally download together with the archive itself to verify the integrity of the archive. It serves as a signature of the artifact to make sure it was downloaded as expected bit-by-bit with what was published effectively detecting corruptions during the download and making it harder to forge artifacts for malicious actors.
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: I find this script a bit weird, it seems like an abbreviated version of the installation script. It might be better to just link to that one, even if this is just internal documentation.

Instead, we could potentially write:

> <-- region replace-version unstable -->
> This [`install.sh`](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Veetaha/marker/v0.2.1/install.sh) script, can be used to automatically download and verify Marker's binaries.
> <-- endregion replace-version unstable -->

If we want to keep it, there should be region markers for the version:
```md
<!-- region replace-version unstable -->
...
<!-- endregion replace-version unstable -->
```

Author: Agreed, replaced it with the reference to the script.
